The purpose of our project is to see what variables make a "good" society by using the Human Development Index and the Human Happiness Index. We expect to see a relationship between happier countries and more developed countries. There are several different variables that could contribute to a higher happiness or development ranking, so we have created four visuals with some of these factors. We also recognize that these variables can be highly subjective such as perceived generosity, so we have taken the most objective approach that we could.

Our first visual is a scatterplot depicting the relationship between the Human Development Rank and average life expectancy per country. As one might expect, the more developed countries tend to have a higher life expectancy on average. This is an example of a more intuitive aspect of what goes into a "good society." Generally speaking, everyone would like to live for as long as they can and so these types of factors do lead to more perceived happiness on average, so we have included this as a quantifiable aspect to such a subjective topic. Our second visual compares the Human Development Index rankings with the Human Happiness Index rankings, showing a positive correlation. This means that in general, the HHI and HDI ranks are the same numbers for both datasets. For example, Finland is in the top ten for each list. There are some notable outliers like Costa Rica and Mexico which fall lower on the HDI rankings, but are in the top twenty for the HHI. Outliers can be explained on the basis on subjectivity, meaning that not everyone has the same factors for what makes them happy. 

For our next visual, we created a heat map indicating each country's ranking for HDI. This map is good for visualizing the dataset in a more accessible way. World maps are also helpful for visualization because they put every country into a holistic context as well as a familiar context. The holistic nature of maps is helpful because you can see every country next to each other, which also provides the sense of familiarity because people are used to seeing maps. These concepts are also key for anthropological studies, which is what this data project heavily relies on. Along with this map by itself, our next map will be a heat map for the HHI rankings. These maps will be compared with each other, and the expected outcome is that they will have similar heat signatures based on our other data findings. Again, the outcomes are intuitive, but it is helpful to have map visuals because they are more digestible. 